this summer two people will come
together
to celebrate the sanctity of marriage
it's
wedding season kid crashing weddings we
are gonna have tons and tons of
opportunities to meet gorgeous ladies
that are so aroused by the thought of
marriage
that they'll throw their inhibitions to
the wind and who's going to be there to
catch them
grab that net and catch that beautiful
butterfly pal
who are we this time lou epstein what's
your new chuck schwartz sanjay collins
chuck vindaloo shane was so cool mommy
o'shea i'm ready to get
drunk okay so what angle are you gonna
play here i'm gonna go with the balloon
animal display
i'm gonna dance with the little flower
girl i might be a charter member of
oprah's book club it's all deadly
[Music]
owen wilson you know they say we only
use 10 of our brains
i think we only use 10 of our hearts
vince bond
tattoo on the lower back might as well
be a bullseye with christopher walken
wedding crashers i always knew my first
time would be on a beach
first time we're gonna be so happy
together
i love you
you